Your Majesty
This is this year's budget for all departments
I have prepared a memorial
The silver allocated to various regions
All have detailed records
Please review, Your Majesty
Last year's tax revenue
Totals 10.5 million taels
The deficit from previous years
Totals 2.8 million taels
This
Must be made up no matter what
Frontline General Zu's military expenses
This is essential
Three million taels
Court officials' salaries
Total 1.6 million taels
For Qiaozhou construction
Disaster relief and settling refugees in Liangzhou
At least three million taels expected
Tax revenue is already tight
I
Will take the lead
Deduct from my salary
Try to squeeze out
Two hundred thousand taels
Then Your Majesty's taking concubines this year, palace repairs
And various palace expenses
Wouldn't that
Only leave three hundred thousand taels?
Your Majesty
In recent years
Defensive construction everywhere has cost enormous amounts
Northern refugees returning south are also numerous
Your Majesty, please endure this year
Next year
Next year I will definitely gather enough
For palace and harem repair expenses